welcome to another exciting episode of
fun with socks where we have fun with
socks isn't he cute
we'll call him mr. bun we'll call him
mr. bun mr. buns hmm mr. buzz
you know that bat I was talking about
this now well we're scaredy bat excuse
me uh if you please perhaps there is
another part I could play that is closer
to the ground hmm
but scaredy it'll be hard to find
someone else who flies especially on
such short notice
perhaps poke good yeah absolutely out of
the question
I play the hero the rescues the girl my
agent won't agree to were downgrade
he's very hardline see knows when the
hole is brown you just have a little
stage fright scaredy that's normal
yeah don't worry acting is fun yep we're
all creating something really really
really magical
well sort of magical well look on the
bright side scaredy I'm thinking
I am most adamite I cannot do the part
if you do not mind terribly but don't
you think it's a great opportunity to
stretch yourself I would not like very
much to be stretched across the pavement
but thank you for asking
scaredy bat you're nervous about flying
hmm perhaps my name might have been a
clue but we've all seen you fly before
yeah I have yeah the little bat flies
why I recall many a time we've enjoyed a
fly and a chat together yes being a
distant relative of the great Edgar
Allan Poe's pip Bunty Paco one can see
why I am dumbfounded by the lack of good
conversation today young man you
obviously should refrain from talking
while flying actually in this instance I
did not in fact fly yes being a distant
relative of the great Edgar Allan Poe's
young man you obviously should refrain
from talking about flying okay but
remember the time you got doom kitty
down from the tree
don't worry damn kitty scaredy is flying
up there to save you oh all right
scaredy
I know bats like to hang upside down but
just grab doom come on home a tasty
clone thanks scaredy no flying but what
about all those times you flew by the
window
nice flying yeah Wow look at the little
guy go no no actually we've never
actually seen you fly oh I am most
afraid of flying so I try to avoid it as
much as possible Wow it must have been
hard hiding it all this time
yes I am really glad the burden is off
my chest
no I must go I never think about it
again I trust you will deal with the
extras as the star I must focus and if
you need me talk to my agent this is
terrible
we have to help scare to get over his
fear of flying perhaps I can help in
this area
ah see according to this chart
my family tree connects me to the great
Wright brothers uncles Orville and
Wilbur knew all about flying so it makes
sense I would too